Shining Light on Financial Security
We believe that your most precious commodity is time, rather than money. Our goal is to help you live your life wholly and truly, spending time doing things that matter most.

The work we do today will help your future self, and your future generations, enjoy a better, fuller life. You don't need to worry how the pieces of your financial life will come together down the road. Instead, you can relish life's most meaningful moments, while we help you plan for what's ahead.

Our Team is Award Winning
Forbes has recognized Chris Moore as one of the Top Financial Security Professionals and Top Next Gen-Wealth Advisor in the state of Ohio. Many thanks to our hardworking team, and amazing clients. This wouldn't have been possible without you.


Forbes Top Financial Security Professionals list (July 2025.2024), Research and ranking provided by SHOOK Research, LLC. Based upon data as of 12/31/2024. Forbes “Top Next-Generation Wealth Advisors” list, (August 2025). Research & ranking developed by Shook Research, LLC. Based upon data as of 3/31/2024. Northwestern Mutual (NM) and its advisors do not pay for placement on 3rd party rating or ranking lists. NM and its advisors do, however, pay marketing fees to these organizations to promote the rating or ranking(s). Rankings and recognitions are no guarantee of future investment success.

Lume Capital exists to provide our clients with the time to enjoy their lives and pursue them to the fullest. We give you financial clarity and momentum through personalized planning, dynamic expertise, and an engaging partnership to ensure those pieces of your financial life fit together to fulfill your vision. 

Why Choose Us?
Personalized Financial Strategies: Our advisors work closely with you to create a tailored financial plan that aligns with your unique goals and lifestyle.

Comprehensive Services: From retirement planning to investment management, we offer a full range of services designed to ensure all aspects of your financial life are illuminated and secure.

Expert Guidance: With years of experience and a commitment to ongoing education, our advisors provide the insights and advice you need to make informed decisions.

Peace of Mind: Our goal is to help you enjoy life without worrying about your finances. We handle the complexities so you can focus on what you love. The work we do today will help your future self, and your future generations, enjoy a better, fuller life. You don't need to worry how the pieces of your financial life will come together down the road. Instead, you can relish life's most meaningful moments, while we help you plan for what's ahead.

While many of our clients have no shortage of expertise, they have extremely limited and precious time. They've realized that enjoying life is more important to them than planning for it. They would rather entrust the right person to light their way, because they know that's their ticket to freely enjoying time well spent, on their own terms.

Lending a hand in the community.
As part of Northwestern Mutual, I'm proud to help accelerate the search for better childhood cancer treatments while supporting families undergoing treatment, and survivors from late effects. Here are some of the organizations we partner with:

Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation for Childhood Cancer (ALSF)
ALSF funds cancer research, raises awareness, and supports the families of children with cancer. Since 2012, Northwestern Mutual, its employees, and financial professionals like me have donated more than $20 million to support ALSF and fund over 400,000 research hours.

Beads of Courage
Beads of Courage is an art-in-medicine program that helps kids with cancer tell their unique treatment story through colorful beads that are symbols of their courage.

Who We Serve
Medical & Surgical Professionals
Medicine is a calling that comes with an enormous amount of investment and sacrifice. Because of this, it can be challenging to take time away from your patients, family, and self to make planning a top priority.

We empower medical and surgical professionals to align their financial decisions with the life they want to lead. We believe proactive wealth management is like many medical interventions; while it can feel challenging to get started, the work being done will help your future self and family enjoy better, fuller lives.

Our team is here for you whether you are beginning your career, starting your own practice, or nearing the excitement of life after work.

Pre-Retirees and Retirees
You've worked your entire life to make sure you can experience a truly liberating retirement.

We not only help ensure what you’ve built is strong enough for you to thrive during your next phase of life, but to also positively impact others while you do and make the difference you've always wanted in the world.

When you are close to or in retirement, you shouldn’t be worrying how the pieces of your financial life will come together. You and your family should be relishing the rewards of the planning you did decades prior. You should be getting out and doing whatever it is you’ve been dreaming of, because you earned it. Because you planned for it.

Investment Management

We tailor our approach to your risk tolerance and financial goals, so you can enjoy life while your investments work for you.

Tax Planning

We use tax-efficient strategies to help you minimize your tax burden and maximize your savings, giving you more freedom to enjoy life.

Risk Management

Safeguard your assets and protect your legacy with comprehensive risk management. We help you identify potential risks and create strategies to mitigate them, helping you feel confident about your financial future. By protecting your legacy, we help you preserve your wealth and values for future generations.

Lifestyle Financial Planning Approach
Happiness comes from the way you experience life. Our Values-based Planning Approach helps you spend your time on life experiences, stewarding your finances to support your values and lifestyle goals. We take a holistic approach that includes all aspects of your life: Lifestyle, financial, personality, professional and personal dreams. Computers can calculate your investment allocation, but only people can listen, empathize, and understand your dreams and aspirations. 

About Chris
Chris Moore grew up in a family of medical professionals, surrounded by people whose purpose was healing others. Chris shared his family's desire to help people but also wanted to chart his own path. Financial planning became his way to create a tangible impact in the lives of others, while fulfilling his personal calling.

Chris began his career with Northwestern Mutual in 2009, and quickly noticed that many of his clients had one thing in common. While they often had plenty of assets, they were consistently short on something much more precious: time. Because of this, they were missing out on life.

Over the last 15 years, Chris has made it his mission to grow the trust of his clients and give them back more of their time. His hyper-detailed approach, expansive knowledge, and commitment to continuing education (his own and that of his team) makes him an invaluable asset to those he serves.

Our Team
It is because of our specialized and experienced team with an unparalleled work ethic that we are able to guide our clients to financial clarity, even through difficult situations. We look forward to using our expertise to help light the path to the future you want and deserve, allowing you to live life on your own terms.

James H Taylor
CFP®

Director of Operations

614-857-4273

Contact me

James joined Lume Capital in February of 2020, he graduated from Mount Vernon Nazarene University with a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance. He has a passion for providing excellent customer service and currently a leader in customer service for the team. James is a fully credentialed CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional, holds the Series 6, 63, and 7 investment registrations, and is Accident & Health, and Life licensed for insurance.

James and his wife Rachel reside in Delaware, OH with their two kids Hazel and Thomas. Outside of the office, James spends his time outdoors exploring, playing board games, and spending time with his puppy, Eevee. He also is an avid hunter and loves all things Cleveland sports (no matter how difficult it may be).

Vanessa Li
Director of Investment Operations

614-222-6063

Contact me

Vanessa joined Lume Capital in April 2021, shortly after she moved to Columbus from Hong Kong. She has a demonstrated history of working in the asset management industry for nearly five years, with licenses of Asset Management, Dealing in Securities and Advising on Securities in Hong Kong. She holds a Bachelor of Art Degree in Marketing and Public Relations from Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

Vanessa is passionate about using her profession to help others. She works on the  operations side of our practice, and she seeks to grow personally and professionally by pursuing additional financial knowledge. 

She enjoys being outdoors, traveling, and eating various foods from different parts of the world. In her spare time, she likes playing guitar, crocheting, and reading a good book.

Zach Klein
Associate Wealth Management Advisor

614-222-6046

Contact me

Zach joined Lume Capital in July 2023, after moving to Ohio from his home state of Colorado. A proud Marietta College graduate, Zach earned his bachelor’s degree in marketing in 2022. His experience as a student-athlete sparked his passion for fostering meaningful connections and building lasting relationships.An avid fitness enthusiast, Zach enjoys weightlifting outside the office. As a Colorado native, he loves outdoor adventures, winter sports, and cheering on his favorite NBA player, Nikola Jokic, and the Denver Nuggets.As an Associate Wealth Management Advisor at Lume, Zach brings valuable expertise and holds licenses in Accident & Health, Life Insurance, as well as the Series 63 and Series 7 Finra registrations. Committed to supporting fellow young professionals, Zach excels in guiding both self-directed individuals and those just starting their financial journeys, ensuring their goals are always prioritized.

Connor J Chylik
Associate Wealth Management Advisor

614-221-5287

Contact me

Connor joined Lume Capital in January of 2024, he graduated with a bachelor’s degree in psychology from Miami University in 2021. He discovered his love of the financial industry shortly after graduation when he pursued and acquired his Series 7 and 66 investment registrations. He also holds Accident & Health and Life Insurance Licenses. Connor joined Lume Capital with the main goal of continuing his pursuit of knowledge within the industry while simultaneously working in a role that allowed him to have a direct positive impact on the lives of the clients he works with, and within no time he found that it was a perfect fit.

In his spare time Connor enjoys spending time with his friends and family and cheering on his favorite Cleveland sports teams.

Sydney Chafin
Client Service Administrator

614-221-5287

Contact me

Sydney joined Lume Capital in January of 2025 and is a 2023 graduate of The Ohio State University with a Bachelor’s in Human Ecology. While studying financial services at Ohio State, she found her passion for the industry. She has a strong desire to help others and strives to continue to learn and grow to better assist others. She holds her Life and Accident & Health insurance license. Outside of work, Sydney enjoys the outdoors, often exploring the nature trails, kayaking and relaxing in the sun. She just started getting into ultra running and competing in races. When she’s not running, she enjoys her time with friends, family and traveling to new places. She’s an avid foodie who spends her Saturdays with her boyfriend, Tyler, trying a new restaurant each week in the central Ohio area.

Kevin T Hofacker
Associate Financial Representative

614-221-5287

Contact me

I am passionate about helping individuals and families navigate the complexities of financial planning and investment management. Whether you're planning for the future, building wealth, or securing your legacy, I am here to provide the guidance and support you need to achieve your financial aspirations. Let's connect and explore how I can help you reach your financial goals.

Professional Designations
CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ Professionals have completed extensive training and experience requirements and are held to rigorous ethical standards. They understand the complexities of the changing financial climate and will make recommendations in your best interest.
The Retirement Income Certified Professional (RICP®): A financial professional holding an RICP® designation specializes in retirement income planning. They are uniquely prepared to help their clients work through the complexities of retirement, including market volatility, inflation, healthcare costs, and creating distribution strategies.

Associations and Memberships
Member of the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors (NAIFA): NAIFA is comprised of 70,000 professional advisors promoting ethical conduct and sound business acumen.
Qualifying member of Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT): MDRT is the premier association of financial professionals. Members must qualify on a yearly basis.

Are you currently working together?


Yes

No
Please select if you are currently working with this advisor.
Answer some questions so I'll have a better idea of how I can help you.

First Name*
Please enter a valid first name.
Last Name*
Please enter a valid last name.
Zip Code*
Please enter a valid zip code.
Phone Number*
Please enter a valid phone number.
Email*
Please enter a valid email address.
Age*
Please enter a valid age.
My biggest financial goal is to:*
Please select a goal...
Please select a goal
Income Range:*
Please select a range...
Please select an income range.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA.