Footer:

To learn more about our products and services, visit NorthwesternMutual.com.

To learn more about Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC and its financial representatives, visit FINRA BrokerCheck.

Visit our Client Relationship Summaries (Form CRS) which provide brief information about our firms that provide brokerage services and advisory services.

Legal Notice|Online Privacy Statement|Customer Privacy Notice|Third Party Links|Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google, Inc

Securities and Mutual Fund orders can only be placed by phone or in person. We will not process orders sent electronically, including but not limited to, communications sent via the Internet, mobile and cellular technologies, and electronic mail. Also, communications transmitted by you electronically represents your consent to two-way communication by electronic means. If you receive communications in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any electronic means on which it exists.

© 2026 The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company. All rights reserved. 720 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202-4797 - (414) 271-1444.

Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (NM) (life and disability Insurance, annuities, and life insurance with long-term care benefits) and its subsidiaries, including Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company (NLTC) (long-term care insurance), Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC (NMIS) (investment brokerage services), a registered investment adviser, broker-dealer, and member of FINRA and SIPC, and Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company® (NMWMC) (investment advisory and trust services), a federal savings bank. NM and its subsidiaries are in Milwaukee, WI.

Christopher M Moore uses Lume Capital as a marketing name for doing business as a representative of Northwestern Mutual. Lume Capital is not a registered investment adviser, broker-dealer, insurance agency or federal savings bank. Christopher M Moore is an Insurance Agent of NM. Christopher M Moore is an Agent of NLTC. Investment brokerage services provided by Christopher M Moore as a Registered Representative of NMIS. Investment advisory services provided by Christopher M Moore as an Advisor of NMWMC.

The products and services referenced are offered and sold only by appropriately appointed and licensed entities and financial advisors and representatives. Financial advisors and representatives and their staff might not represent all entities shown or provide all the products or services discussed on this website. Not all products and services are available in all states. Not all Northwestern Mutual representatives are advisors. Only those representatives with "Advisor" in their title or who otherwise disclose their status as an advisor of NMWMC are credentialed as NMWMC representatives to provide investment advisory services.

Depending on the products and/or services being recommended or considered, refer to the appropriate disclosure brochure for important information on the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company, its services, fees and conflicts of interest before investing. To obtain a copy of one or more of these brochures, contact your representative.

Christopher M Moore is primarily licensed in OH and may be licensed in other states.

Christopher M Moore CA License: 0I06251 NPN: 14215312

Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Center for Financial Planning, Inc. owns and licenses the certification marks CFP®, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER®, and CFP® (with plaque design) in the United States to Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc., which authorizes individuals who successfully complete the organization's initial and ongoing certification requirements to use the certification marks.