Our Commitment to Privacy
The Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies* is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your personal information. We respect your privacy rights and choices, which may vary based on your interactions with us or your relationship to us. Please review the policies below to learn more.

Privacy Notices
SMS Text Messaging Terms and Conditions
We may use your mobile phone number to send you text messages and may receive and use information you send to us via text messages. More information can be found in our SMS Text Messaging Terms and Conditions.

Online Privacy Policy
This policy applies when you visit any of the websites or mobile applications owned or operated by the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies.

Online Privacy Policy
Customer Privacy Notices
These notices apply when you are a prospect or client of our Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies.

The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company
Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company
Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC (NMIS) & Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company(NMWMC)
California Privacy Policies
These policies and notice apply when you are a California consumer.

California Notice at Collection
California Consumer Privacy Policy
California Sales Force Privacy Policy
California Workforce Privacy Policy
Supplemental Notice of Insurance Information Practices
HIPAA Privacy Notices
These notices apply when you are customer of Northwestern Mutual Long Term Care Insurance Company or purchase life insurance with a long-term care benefit rider.

Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information of Northwestern Life Insurance Company
Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information of Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company
*The Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies means The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company, Northwestern Mutual Investment Services Company, LLC, Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company, and the network offices of our Sales Force. Our Sales Force includes the people who sell our products and services, along with their staffs.